>> Scott: As far as your task
what you're going to be doing.
If we look back is we start,
we look at the designs.
So pull open the designs and
know what we know about redux and
the components as far as
breaking the components out.
Look at those designs or start thinking
about what components actions and
state will need in the apps.
And all you have to do for this exercise
is just create the root component.
So if you can, create one component that
we can import both in iOS and Android.
Even if you're not using both.
Just one component and import it in both
versus only in Android, only in iOS, or
copying it, past into both places.
Create like an app folder or
something, and put it in there.
And then Prep redux with the store,
the reducers in the actions that you
think we're gonna need for application.
But I'm going to push
this link in here for
the starter app that I
want you to use I have it.
I just forgot the link to it.
And that's gonna be as GitHub final master
>> Scott: Sweat book.
So if you go the GitHub
frontend master sweat book.
That URL right there.
And I'll post it in the chat too.
If you grab that and
you check out the, there's a branch,
don't start working on master.
I think masters actually all the solutions
for the stuff but if you check outs,
was that?
>> Scott: Yep.
So
if you check out to the bootstrap branch.
That's exactly where you need to be.
There's gonna be a file in there.
Let's just look at it.
Check out.
Bootstrap.
Yeah.
So check out the bootsrap branch.
>> Scott: Not, this but this app.
There's gonna be a file in
there you're gonna look at and
I left that follows that's gonna be the
initial state for some of the reducers.
And if you remember I kind of showed
you how to set up some initial state.
There's another way to set up initial
states with reducers we're not going
to use that way.
So if you look at this file and
the source,
there's an index dot js that
just says hello and change me.
And then there's some initial state,
so like some initial exercises and
categories of those exercises that we're
gonna use and that's basically about it.
And there's a dv dot.jason that
we will use later for the server,
what I use right now.
The goal is remember, there's already
really like a rook component here.
So you can fix it up ever you want and
when we need to go and initialize redux.
So however much you have a little you
think that is so you might thinkg
like well where do I really start with
that again if you look at the designs.
We can kind of think about.
What our app is gonna need.
So again I know that we gonna be
keeping track of this current workout.
That's like probably an array of
exercises or something like that right.
So that might be something you
wanna keep track of and redux.
If you could this plus buttongand
you see that we're searching for
exercises that we're tapping out so.
That means really only we're keeping track
of right now is this thing called current
workout which is just like
an array of exercises and
if you look at initial state.
I have exercises already here.
So the few ways you can do this you can
load up the exercises and the categories
into redux as like initial states for
those properties which is what I did.
Or you can just like bring
these into your file.
However, you want to do
it our bodies in a redux.
Remember the way you can
load up an initial state
in redux as if you do [SOUND].
Or one of the ways you know a lot of
initial state redux is inside the reducer.
If you go to look at the reducer remember
here I said state equals an object.
That's the natural state for
this is a blank object but
I can say you know whatever I want
here for the natural state for this so
grab in that initial state file that's
in the report that I just gave you.
You could make a new reducer for
exercises, new reducer for categories, and
it's initial state are those objects or
that array.
>> Speaker 2: Where is the best place to
put in like, you know,
how you Ajax the JSON server.
>> Scott: The best place to put Ajax?
>> Speaker 2: Well I'm saying like if
you are calling from the server and
this initial state.
>> Scott: We're gonna get to do that
That's a whole another story.
That's a sync action creators.
That's all another thing.
We're going to get to that today for sure.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Scott: So you put that stuff her.
The other way to do initial state in
Redux is if you go to the actual store
you can pass in a second argument here
which would be your initial state.
As it's an object that looks exactly
like the object that you passed.
It looks exactly like this object here.
So in our case, in the to do app,
it's like a todo todos and
then there's like a user.
So our initial state could be that.
We can also do a like that too.